[GitHub] Add breaking change specific checklist, organize general PR checklist template (#7178)
elastic/eui: .github/pull_request_template.md

Provide a detailed summary of your PR. Explain how you arrived at your solution. If it includes changes to UI elements include a screenshot or gif.

> If this is your first PR in the EUI repo, please ensure you've fully read through our [contributing to EUI](https://learning-notes.mistermicheels.com/processes-techniques/small-commits-pull-requests/) wiki guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this is your first PR in the EUI repo, please ensure you've fully read through our [contributing to EUI](https://github.com/elastic/eui/tree/main/wiki/contributing-to-eui) wiki guide.
```

Author: ahhh thank you for catching that!! I definitely had the wrong link in my paste clipboard 🤦
